feat: add browsers list, linting plugin and Docs section with supported browsers (#1956)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/docs/src/development/index.md

Reviewer: @JoCa96 If we list supported browsers in our docs, we should also make sure that they are actually working, so e.g. use those browsers and versions in our Playwright tests. What do you think?

Author: shall we create follow up ticket ?

Reviewer: #1997

I will refine it next week

:::

> ### Browser Support

Reviewer: Would prefer to move this to the bottom of the page and change the headline to h2 :)

Author: like it!

> ### Browser Support
> 
> <script lang="ts" setup>
> import BrowsersList from "../.vitepress/components/BrowsersList.vue"
> </script>
> 
> This list of supported browsers is based on our `Browserslist` config and data from [caniuse](https://caniuse.com)
> 
> Onyx might also work in older versions, but we cannot guarantee full compatibility.
> 
> <BrowsersList />
> 
> Find our .browserslistrc [here](https://github.com/SchwarzIT/onyx/blob/main/.browserslistrc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browser Support

<script lang="ts" setup>
import BrowsersList from "../.vitepress/components/BrowsersList.vue"
</script>

Onyx works best with the following browser versions. Older versions might also work but we can't guarantee full compatibility.

<BrowsersList />

::: details More information (.browserslistrc file)

<<< @include ../../../../.browserslistrc
:::
```

What do you think about rephrasing it like this and include the browserlistrc content directly?

:::

## Browser Support

<script lang="ts" setup>
import BrowsersList from "../.vitepress/components/BrowsersList.vue"
</script>

Onyx works best with the following browser versions. Older versions might also work but we can't guarantee full compatibility.

<BrowsersList />

::: details More information (.browserslistrc file)

<<< @include ../../../../.browserslistrc{txt}
:::

## Next steps

- [Theming](/development/theming), e.g. for setting up the dark mode
- [i18n](/development/i18n) if you are supporting multiple languages in your application
- [Grid](/development/grid) for easily implementing custom layouts

> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Is this a leftover or intended? :)

Author: leftover 😄
